test test
1
2
1
2

Codepen html: https://codepen.io/ranar0k/pen/YzPjpWK?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	-Semantic HTML is the use of HTML markup to reinforce the meanings (semantics) of the information in webpages and web applications instead of simply defining presentation.

    2. What is HTML used for?
	 -HTML is used to create electronic documents that are displayed on the internet. HTML code ensures the proper formatting of text and images so that the internet browser
	  may display them as they are intened to look.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	- HTML attributes are special words used inside the opening tag to control the behavior of an element, and it is placed before the value it is controlling, such as the id
	  attribute and class attribute.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	- The h1 tag is used to define the title or main emphasizing text on a page. One should use it only once on a page for titles typically.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	- Two tags that have required attributes are input and form.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	- The <head> tag to represent the head section of the html document that can hold the metadata.

    7. What is an id? 
	- An id is a tag that gives a definition attribute for an html element that can be accesses and altered later, such as through CSS.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	- You can add various element to an id, such as color, spacing, and even linking elements.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	- The same id should only be used once for each page.

    10. What is a class? 
	- The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	- Various elements, like color and dimensions, can be added to a class.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	- There is no limit to the use of a same class on a page, but it is not recommended.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	- You can add the target="_blank" attribute to the links in the page.

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
	- It can specify an alternate text for an image if the image cannot be displayed for some reason.

    15. How do I reference an id?
	- You can reference an id with the # symbol before the id attribute.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	- A section defines sections in a document, such as chapters, header, or footers, while the div tag defines divisions, which can be within a section, of a page.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
	- CSS is used for adding style to the page, such as color, dimension, and changes in the appearance of the page.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	- We can select every h2 in the CSS section by using the h2{} syntax in order to affect all h2 elements. 

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	- The difference between a class and an id is that an id can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify one or than one element.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	- We can select classes in CSS we add the "." prior to the class identifier.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	- We can select the p element of class human with the syntax p.human {} .

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	- A parent childd selector is when you select elements that have specific elements that can effect them down stream of the code. This is useful when you're
	  tryting to select specific elements that are a part of a greater element, but when you want to exclude others, such as decendents of an element past the child. 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	-

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	-

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	-

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	-

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	-

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	-

    29. How do I select everything on the page?
	-
 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	-

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	-

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	-

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	-

    34. Why should I use version control? 
	-

    35. How often should I commit to github?
	-

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	-

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	-